[flash_ctrl/doc] Change integrity ECC to ICV (#14837)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/flash_ctrl/doc/_index.md

For program operations, the program data and its associated integrity are propagated into the flash controller.
If an integrity error is seen, an error is registered in {{< regref "FAULT_STATUS.PROG_INTG_ERR" >}}.

#### ECC and ICV Related Read Errors

In addition to transmission integrity errors described above, the flash can also emit read errors based on [ECC and ICV checks](#flash-ecc-and-icv).

Flash reliability ECC errors (multi-bit errors) and integrity check errors (integrity check errors) are both reflected as in-band errors to the entity that issued the transaction.
That means if a host direct read, controller initiated read or hardware initiated read encounters one of these errors, the error is directly reflected in the operation status.

Further, reliability ECC / integrity check errors are also captured in {{< regref "FAULT_STATUS" >}} and can be used to generate fatal alerts.

> The reason these are captured not captured in {{< regref "STD_FAULT_STATUS" >}} is because it is assumed 2-bit errors can occur in real usage.

Reviewer: " ... are captured not captured ..." do you mean "... are not captured..."?

Reviewer: Also, I don't understand the comment about 2-bit errors happening in real usage, could you explain?

As for ICV, since it is implemented as ECC there is a non-trivial probability of them missing to flag multi-bit errors. ECC may not be the best mechanism for integrity checks: it seems to need some sort of one-way hash instead. Any thoughts?

Author: yeah that's right. Typo on my side.

It just means in real usage, flash is expected to have bit errors that are not a result of attacks.
And yes it is also true that the detection ability is not 100%, so just like the memory ECC, this is best effort. But it is understood it can be missed.  Anything that has a better detection profile will be too heavy for our purposes.

*  For information partitions, the scramble enablement is done on a per page basis.
   *  Software can configure for each page whether scramble is enabled.

#### Flash ECC and ICV

Flash supports both ECC (error correction) and ICV (integrity check).
While the two are used for different functions, they are implemented as two separate ECCs, thus flash supports two types of ECC.

> ICV is an integrity ECC used to detect whether the de-scrambled data has been modified.

Reviewer 2: Did you keep 'integrity ECC' on purpose?

Author: yeah. Because I want to clarify that even though it's ICV, it is implemented as an ECC.
Let me explicitly state that.

Reviewer 2: got it

*  For information partitions, the scramble enablement is done on a per page basis.
   *  Software can configure for each page whether scramble is enabled.

#### Flash ECC and ICV

Flash supports both ECC (error correction) and ICV (integrity check value).
While the two are used for different functions, they are implemented as two separate ECCs, thus flash supports two types of ECC.

ICV is an integrity check, implemented as ECC, used to detect whether the de-scrambled data has been modified.
The other is a reliability ECC used for error detection and correction on the whole flash word.

The key differentiation here is that ICV is used only for detection, while the real error correction can correct single bit errors.
Both ICV and ECC are configurable based on the various page and memory property configurations.

##### Overall ICV and ECC Application

The following diagram shows how the various ICV / ECC tags are applied and used through the life of a transactions.
![Flash ECC_LIFE](flash_integrity.svg).

> Note that the ICV (integrity ECC) is calculated over the descrambled data and is only 4-bits.
> While the reliability ECC is calculated over both the scrambled data and the integrity ECC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the ICV (integrity ECC) is calculated over the descrambled data and is only 4-bits,
while the reliability ECC is calculated over both the scrambled data and the integrity ECC.
```

##### ICV

> The purpose of the ICV (integrity check value, implemnted as an ECC) is to emulate end-to-end integrity like the other memories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the ICV (integrity check value, implemented as ECC) is to emulate end-to-end integrity like the other memories.
```

Author: hmmm... this seems subjective to me. I'm not going to change this one.

Reviewer: But please change implemnted -> implemented
